[app-configuration] New snapshot feature (#24535)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/README.md

setting = await client.getConfigurationSetting(setting);
```

> A new feature supported in `2022-11-01preview` API version is the creation of key-value snapshots. They allow developers to create an immuntable point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store. During creation, developers can add filters to their snapshots to filter what key-values get put inside. This allows developers to create immutable, composed views of their configuration store that they can release with their application. 

Author: ```suggestion
A new feature supported in `2022-11-01-preview` API version is the creation of key-value snapshots. They allow developers to create an immutable point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store. During creation, developers can add filters to their snapshots to filter what key-values get put inside. This allows developers to create immutable, composed views of their configuration store that they can release with their application. 
```

> A new feature supported in `2022-11-01-preview` API version is the creation of key-value snapshots. They allow developers to create an immutable point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store. During creation, developers can add filters to their snapshots to filter what key-values get put inside. This allows developers to create immutable, composed views of their configuration store that they can release with their application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure App Configuration allows users to create a point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store(supported in `2022-11-01-preview` API version), providing them with the ability to treat settings as one consistent version. This feature enables applications to hold a consistent view of configuration, ensuring that there are no version mismatches to individual settings due to reading as updates were made. Snapshots are immutable, ensuring that configuration can confidently be rolled back to a last-known-good configuration in the event of a problem.
```

> A new feature supported in `2022-11-01-preview` API version is the creation of key-value snapshots. They allow developers to create an immutable point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store. During creation, developers can add filters to their snapshots to filter what key-values get put inside. This allows developers to create immutable, composed views of their configuration store that they can release with their application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `2022-11-01-preview` API version supports configuration snapshots: immutable, point-in-time copies of a configuration store. Snapshots can be created with filters that determine which key-value pairs are contained within the snapshot, creating an immutable, composed view of the configuration store. For example, this feature can be used to create "release configuration snapshots" within an App Configuration. See [the _create and get a snapshot_ section](#create-and-get-a-setting) in the example below. 
```

> Azure App Configuration allows users to create a point-in-time snapshot of their configuration store(supported in `2022-11-01-preview` API version), providing them with the ability to treat settings as one consistent version. This feature enables applications to hold a consistent view of configuration, ensuring that there are no version mismatches to individual settings due to reading as updates were made. Snapshots are immutable, ensuring that configuration can confidently be rolled back to a last-known-good configuration in the event of a problem.

Reviewer: Add changelog

run().catch((err) => console.log("ERROR:", err));
```

### Create and get a snapshot

```javascript

> const appConfig = require("@azure/app-configuration");

Reviewer 2: I'd destructure this: `const { AppConfigurationClient } = require("@azure/app-configuration");`

const client = new appConfig.AppConfigurationClient(
  "<App Configuration connection string goes here>"
);

const key = "testkey";
const value = "testvalue";
const label = "optional-label";

const newSetting = await client.addConfigurationSetting({
  key,
  value,
  label
});

> const newSnapshot = await client.addSnapshot("testsnapshot", {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const newSnapshot = await client.beginCreateSnapshotAndWait("testsnapshot", {
```

Also, mention the standard way, `await client.beginCreateSnapshot()` to get the poller.

  key,
  label
});
/*
  {
    name: "testsnapshot",
    status: "provisioning",
    statusCode: 202,
    filters: [{ key: "testkey", label: "optional-label" }],
    compositionType: "all",
    created: "2023-02-07T22:24:41.000Z",
    retentionPeriod: 2592000,
    size: 0,
    itemsCount: 0,
    tags: {},
    etag: "T6JtbpthSWZQCkxmiK1OW6s3jMP-ZRYQPAFYZNbf0gE",
  }
 */
let retrievedSnapshot = await client.getSnapshot("testsnapshot");

> console.log("Retrieved snapshot:", retrievedSnapshot);

Reviewer 2: nitpick: statements look better in snippets when they have a blank line between them
